Warchiefs, an rpg for windows pc
 Warchiefs is a role playing game where your goal is to capture all the cities in the land
 You take control of cities by attacking the their castle.
There are 5 clans who control the land, the players goal is to unite them under one banner


 As fans of the genre can expect, warchiefs has an indepth character creator, a skill tree, attributes,
 an inventory system and merchants who you can visit

 From the mage the player can buy small or large health potions.
 At the blacksmith the player can upgrade their weapons

  When you create a character you must chose one of 5 clans, your choice will give you a bonus to one of the 5
 attributes, stregth, dexterity, endurance, agility and spirit. Proficiency in these skills will aid the player
 on the battlefield
 The game is also accessible in the sense that it offers two difficulty modes, on easy mode the player
 starts with more gold and more attribute points. Hard mode, is for experienced rpg players who want more of a challenge



 As the player controls more cities they gain experience points to level up,
 when the player levels up they unlock attribute points and skill points. These can spent in unique
 ways so every game feels different every time. Examples of skills include haggling, which reduces the
 price of items in the shops and Marksman which increases critical hit chances.

 The battles are turn based and the player has to use their build to gain an advantage over their foes
 As the battles are turn based the player is offered a lot of written feedback so they can make an educated decision
 on where they should spend their attributes and skill points.
 
 When a city is owned the player can visit the cities castle and the cities label appears green on the world map

The core gameplay loop involves attacking cities, upgrading and upskilling the character, and then attacking more cities
A game which has a similar gameplay loop is Mount and Blade Warband. What makes Warchiefs different is that
it has a magic component.

The player can also perform sidequests for a city's guild to earn extra gold and experience.